doc: clarify cloud-init interactions (#1461)
canonical/subiquity: documentation/autoinstall.md

Progress through the installer is reported via the [`reporting`](autoinstall-reference.md#reporting) system, including errors. In addition, when a fatal error occurs, the [`error-commands`](autoinstall-reference.md#error-commands) are executed and the traceback printed to the console. The server then just waits.

# Interactions between Autoinstall and Cloud-init

## Delivery of Autoinstall

Cloud-config can be used to deliver the Autoinstall data to the installation environment. The [autoinstall quickstart](autoinstall-quickstart.md) has an [example](autoinstall-quickstart.md#write-your-autoinstall-config) demonstrating this.

Note that Autoinstall is processed by Subiquity (not Cloud-init), so please direct defects in Autoinstall behavior to [Subiquity](https://bugs.launchpad.net/subiquity/+filebug).

## The installation environment

> At install time, the live-server environment is just that, a live but ephemeral copy of Ubuntu Server.  This means that Cloud-init is present and running in that environment, and existing methods of interacting with Cloud-init can affect the live-server.  For example, if a cloud-config is presented to the live-server containing [`ssh_import_id`](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/modules.html?highlight=ssh#ssh-import-id), then ssh keys will be added to the authorized_keys list for the installation environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At install time, the live-server environment is just that, a live but ephemeral copy of Ubuntu Server.  This means that Cloud-init is present and running in that environment, and existing methods of interacting with Cloud-init can be used to configure the live-server ephemeral environment.  For example, any #cloud-config user-data keys are presented to the live-server containing [`ssh_import_id`](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/modules.html?highlight=ssh#ssh-import-id), then ssh keys will be added to the authorized_keys list for the ephemeral environment.
```
